[Store] Add PSR-6 support for vector store (#257)
symfony/ai: src/store/doc/index.rst

* `Similarity Search with MariaDB (RAG)`_
* `Similarity Search with Meilisearch (RAG)`_
* `Similarity Search with memory storage (RAG)`_
* `Similarity Search with MongoDB (RAG)`_
* `Similarity Search with Neo4j (RAG)`_
* `Similarity Search with Pinecone (RAG)`_
* `Similarity Search with PSR-6 Cache (RAG)`_
* `Similarity Search with Qdrant (RAG)`_
* `Similarity Search with SurrealDB (RAG)`_

PS: Both `InMemory` and `PSR-6 cache` vector stores will load all the data into the memory of the PHP process.

> They can be used only the amount of data fits in the PHP memory limit, typically for testing.

Reviewer: looks like this didn't happen

> They can be used only the amount of data fits in the PHP memory limit, typically for testing.

Author: Ok, this time is the good one 😅

* `Similarity Search with MariaDB (RAG)`_
* `Similarity Search with Meilisearch (RAG)`_
* `Similarity Search with memory storage (RAG)`_
* `Similarity Search with PSR-6 Cache (RAG)`_
* `Similarity Search with MongoDB (RAG)`_
* `Similarity Search with Pinecone (RAG)`_
* `Similarity Search with Qdrant (RAG)`_
* `Similarity Search with SurrealDB (RAG)`_
* `Similarity Search with Neo4j (RAG)`_

> PS: Both `InMemory` and `PSR-6 cache` vector store are designed to be primarily used in tests / development environments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PS: Both `InMemory` and `PSR-6 cache` vector stores are designed to be primarily used in tests / development environments.
```
?

* `Similarity Search with Meilisearch (RAG)`_
* `Similarity Search with memory storage (RAG)`_
* `Similarity Search with MongoDB (RAG)`_
* `Similarity Search with Neo4j (RAG)`_
* `Similarity Search with Pinecone (RAG)`_
* `Similarity Search with PSR-6 Cache (RAG)`_
* `Similarity Search with Qdrant (RAG)`_
* `Similarity Search with SurrealDB (RAG)`_

> PS: Both `InMemory` and `PSR-6 cache` vector stores are designed to be primarily used in tests / development environments.

Reviewer 3: You can add details. The environment doesn't matter, the data volume is the problem.

```suggestion
PS: Both `InMemory` and `PSR-6 cache` vector stores will load all the data into the memory of the PHP process. They can be used only the amount of data fits in the PHP memory limit, typically for testing.
```

* `Qdrant`_
* `SurrealDB`_
* `Neo4j`_

> * `PSR-6 Cache`_

Reviewer 2: While on it, can you please sort the stores alphabetically? Thanks

.. _`Retrieval Augmented Generation`: https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Retrieval-Augmented_Generation
.. _`Similarity Search with MariaDB (RAG)`: https://github.com/symfony/ai/blob/main/examples/rag/mariadb.php
.. _`Similarity Search with MongoDB (RAG)`: https://github.com/symfony/ai/blob/main/examples/rag/mongodb.php

> .. _`Similarity Search with PSR-6 Cache (RAG)`: https://github.com/symfony/ai/blob/main/examples/rag/cache.php

Author: Ah yes, totally forgot about this PR, sorry 😅
